Developer guide
===============
## Table of contents
- Introduction
- Configuration
- Folder structure of BLT2
- phpDocs
- API

## Introduction
This guide is a walkthrough on how to use BLT2's API along with additional information about the application.

## Configuration
All configuration settings are in ```/app/config```. Most of the values in ```config.yml``` are imported from ```parameters.yml```. This file is automatically generated when you first set up BLT2 and is excluded from the repository. To make any changes that involve syntax such as ```"%database_name%"```, please update them in ```parameters.yml```.
 
## Folder structure of BLT2
BLT2 uses [Twig](http://twig.sensiolabs.org) templating to generate its HTML prior to sending it back to the user as a response. These templates reside in ```/app/Resources/views```. The ```blocks``` folder contains reusable Twig templates and are used throughout BLT2 for code reusability.

Controllers for BLT2 are located in ```/src/AppBundle/Controller```. The ```api``` folder holds all functionality for BLT2's API while the ```frontend``` folder holds all things relating to routing of the actual BLT2 site.

All CSS (LESS), images, fonts, and JavaScript are located ```/web/css```, ```/web/images```, ```/web/fonts```, and ```/web/js``` respectively. CSS are stored in .less files and are compiled using LESS. Any changes to the .less files will require recompiling by using the command ```$ php bin/console assetic:dump --env=prod``` in terminal. **The same applies to all JavaScript files.**

BLT2 uses [Symfony's routing](http://symfony.com/doc/current/book/routing.html) class, using the special ```@Routing``` tag in the comments, to store which routes points to which controller/action. This is different from BLT1 in which all routes were stored in ```/src/BUNDLE/Resources/config/routing.yml```. This allows each function to have an associated route attached to it in the php file instead of decoupling it in a different file.

For example:
```
    /**
     * Route to render the main menu page
     *
     * @Route("/", name="menu")
     */
    public function renderTemplateAction() {
        ...
    }
```
The ```@Routing``` tag in the comment tells Symfony what route goes to this function and the name of this route for debugging purposes.

There's also a special ```@Method``` tag that tells Symfony what type of HTTP request can be made to that specific function.
   
For example:
```
    /**
     * Route for creating a new Package
     *
     * ...
     *
     * @Route("/packages/new", name="newPackage")
     * @Method({"POST"})
     */
     public function newPackageAction(Request $request) {
        ...
     }
```
The ```@Method``` tag in the comment tells Symfony that only POST requests are allowed to this function within this controller.

## phpDocs
PHPDocs have been generated for the controllers (API and frontend) and entities.

## API